feat(docs): reentrancy of messages in receivers (#3375)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/book/receive.mdx

TON is a distributed blockchain, which means that communication between contracts is performed by sending and receiving messages. The most common type of message is the internal message - a message sent from one contract (or a wallet) to another.

> Reentrancy of messages is possible — when processing a message, a contract might get another identically composed one. Read more about it here: [Preventing front-running with signature verification](https://docs.tact-lang.org/book/security-best-practices/#preventing-front-running-with-signature-verification).

Reviewer: it is not possible actually

this paragraph should mention the differences between compute and action phase and the fact that during the compute phase outgoing messages get queued and not actually sent

you can also mention the message-in-the-middle pattern which looks like you are hinting at here

Author: Corrected

import { Badge } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

TON is a distributed blockchain, which means that communication between smart contracts is performed by sending and receiving messages. The most common type of message is the _internal message_ — a message sent from one contract (or a wallet) to another.

> A single received message equates to a single transaction. That is, no other message can influence the flow of the current transaction initiated by the incoming message. On top of that, due to the [split into different phases](/book/send#outbound-message-processing), outgoing messages are not sent until the end of computations within the current transaction. Thus, reentrancy of messages is not possible.

Reviewer: just mention explicitly that sending messages does not invoke any external code immediately but instead queues it

> That said, all pending messages on TON Blockchain are publicly visible, and an attacker can spam your contract with identically composed messages. Read more about how to prevent it here: [Preventing front-running with signature verification](/book/security-best-practices/#preventing-front-running-with-signature-verification).

Reviewer: let's not start the discussion of how to handle incoming messages with this note

it needs to be moved elsewhere

Author: That's a rewrite of the linked section on the security best practices page, so it can be safely removed from here.

import { Badge } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

TON is a distributed blockchain, which means that communication between smart contracts is performed by sending and receiving messages. The most common type of message is the _internal message_ — a message sent from one contract (or a wallet) to another.

> A single received message equates to a single transaction. That is, no other message can influence the flow of the current transaction initiated by the incoming message. On top of that, [message-sending functions](/book/send#message-sending-functions) and underlying TVM instructions do not deliver messages immediately but instead [queue them to be sent after the end of computations](/book/send#outbound-message-processing) in a separate phase of the transaction. Thus, [reentrancy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reentrancy_(computing)) of messages is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When processing an incoming message, no other message can interrupt the execution of a smart contract. On top of that, [message-sending functions](/book/send#message-sending-functions) and underlying TVM instructions do not deliver outgoing messages immediately but instead [queue them to be sent after the end of computations](/book/send#outbound-message-processing) in a separate phase of the current transaction. Thus, [reentrancy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reentrancy_(computing)) of messages is not possible.
```

Author: Neat

TON is a distributed blockchain, which means that communication between contracts is performed by sending and receiving messages. The most common type of message is the _internal message_ — a message sent from one contract (or a wallet) to another.

> Reentrancy of messages is not possible — despite message passing being asynchronous, processing a single message by a single receiver is always synchronous except for [outbound message processing](/book/send#outbound-message-processing). That said, all pending messages on TON Blockchain are publicly visible, and an attacker can spam your contract with identically composed messages. Read more about how to prevent it here: [Preventing front-running with signature verification](/book/security-best-practices/#preventing-front-running-with-signature-verification).

Reviewer: The PR never explains what reentrancy is. I don't understand what "synchronous" means in this context.
Please explain:
- what reentrancy is and how it can be exploited
- the separation of compute and action phases

Author: UPD: Ok, got it after some internal discussion.
